recreate/india/main/startupcarvaan/fragments/models/allshare.java
 recreate.india.main.startupcarvaan.fragments.models.allshare
recreate/india/main/startupcarvaan/fragments/models/practicemodel.java
 recreate.india.main.startupcarvaan.fragments.models.practicemodel
recreate/india/main/startupcarvaan/user/user_share_functions.java
 recreate.india.main.startupcarvaan.user.user_share_functions
 recreate.india.main.startupcarvaan.user.user_share_functions$1
 recreate.india.main.startupcarvaan.user.user_share_functions$2
 recreate.india.main.startupcarvaan.user.user_share_functions$3
 recreate.india.main.startupcarvaan.user.user_share_functions$4
recreate/india/main/startupcarvaan/fragments/models/holdings.java
 recreate.india.main.startupcarvaan.fragments.models.holdings
recreate/india/main/startupcarvaan/fragments/mycoins/mycoins.java
 recreate.india.main.startupcarvaan.fragments.mycoins.mycoins
recreate/india/main/startupcarvaan/fragments/biding/biding.java
 recreate.india.main.startupcarvaan.fragments.biding.biding
 recreate.india.main.startupcarvaan.fragments.biding.biding$1
 recreate.india.main.startupcarvaan.fragments.biding.biding$viewholder
recreate/india/main/startupcarvaan/user/ProfileActivity.java
 recreate.india.main.startupcarvaan.user.ProfileActivity
 recreate.india.main.startupcarvaan.user.ProfileActivity$1
 recreate.india.main.startupcarvaan.user.ProfileActivity$1$1
recreate/india/main/startupcarvaan/aboutshare/models/sharedetails.java
 recreate.india.main.startupcarvaan.aboutshare.models.sharedetails
recreate/india/main/startupcarvaan/fragments/myshares/myshares.java
 recreate.india.main.startupcarvaan.fragments.myshares.myshares
 recreate.india.main.startupcarvaan.fragments.myshares.myshares$1
 recreate.india.main.startupcarvaan.fragments.myshares.myshares$viewholder
recreate/india/main/startupcarvaan/user/CreateProfile.java
 recreate.india.main.startupcarvaan.user.CreateProfile
 recreate.india.main.startupcarvaan.user.CreateProfile$1
 recreate.india.main.startupcarvaan.user.CreateProfile$1$1
 recreate.india.main.startupcarvaan.user.CreateProfile$2
 recreate.india.main.startupcarvaan.user.CreateProfile$3
 recreate.india.main.startupcarvaan.user.CreateProfile$4
 recreate.india.main.startupcarvaan.user.CreateProfile$4$1
 recreate.india.main.startupcarvaan.user.CreateProfile$4$2
 recreate.india.main.startupcarvaan.user.CreateProfile$4$3
 recreate.india.main.startupcarvaan.user.CreateProfile$4$4
recreate/india/main/startupcarvaan/aboutshare/modals/buy.java
 recreate.india.main.startupcarvaan.aboutshare.modals.buy
 recreate.india.main.startupcarvaan.aboutshare.modals.buy$1
 recreate.india.main.startupcarvaan.aboutshare.modals.buy$2
 recreate.india.main.startupcarvaan.aboutshare.modals.buy$3
 recreate.india.main.startupcarvaan.aboutshare.modals.buy$3$1
recreate/india/main/startupcarvaan/aboutshare/models/work.java
 recreate.india.main.startupcarvaan.aboutshare.models.work
recreate/india/main/startupcarvaan/fragments/practice/practice.java
 recreate.india.main.startupcarvaan.fragments.practice.practice
 recreate.india.main.startupcarvaan.fragments.practice.practice$1
 recreate.india.main.startupcarvaan.fragments.practice.practice$viewholder
recreate/india/main/startupcarvaan/coin_exchange/buy_rci.java
 recreate.india.main.startupcarvaan.coin_exchange.buy_rci
recreate/india/main/startupcarvaan/payments/payinActivity.java
 recreate.india.main.startupcarvaan.payments.payinActivity
recreate/india/main/startupcarvaan/lalaactivity.java
 recreate.india.main.startupcarvaan.lalaactivity
 recreate.india.main.startupcarvaan.lalaactivity$1
recreate/india/main/startupcarvaan/aboutshare/modals/sell.java
 recreate.india.main.startupcarvaan.aboutshare.modals.sell
 recreate.india.main.startupcarvaan.aboutshare.modals.sell$1
 recreate.india.main.startupcarvaan.aboutshare.modals.sell$2
 recreate.india.main.startupcarvaan.aboutshare.modals.sell$3
 recreate.india.main.startupcarvaan.aboutshare.modals.sell$4
 recreate.india.main.startupcarvaan.aboutshare.modals.sell$5
recreate/india/main/startupcarvaan/fragments/allshares/allshares.java
 recreate.india.main.startupcarvaan.fragments.allshares.allshares
 recreate.india.main.startupcarvaan.fragments.allshares.allshares$1
 recreate.india.main.startupcarvaan.fragments.allshares.allshares$1$1
 recreate.india.main.startupcarvaan.fragments.allshares.allshares$PostViewHolder
recreate/india/main/startupcarvaan/user/coin.java
 recreate.india.main.startupcarvaan.user.coin
recreate/india/main/startupcarvaan/user/userfunctions.java
 recreate.india.main.startupcarvaan.user.userfunctions
recreate/india/main/startupcarvaan/BuildConfig.java
 recreate.india.main.startupcarvaan.BuildConfig
recreate/india/main/startupcarvaan/mainActivities/SliderAdaptar.java
 recreate.india.main.startupcarvaan.mainActivities.SliderAdaptar
recreate/india/main/startupcarvaan/introSlider/FirstFragment.java
 recreate.india.main.startupcarvaan.introSlider.FirstFragment
 recreate.india.main.startupcarvaan.introSlider.FirstFragment$1
recreate/india/main/startupcarvaan/mainActivities/IntroSliderActivity.java
 recreate.india.main.startupcarvaan.mainActivities.IntroSliderActivity
 recreate.india.main.startupcarvaan.mainActivities.IntroSliderActivity$1
 recreate.india.main.startupcarvaan.mainActivities.IntroSliderActivity$2
 recreate.india.main.startupcarvaan.mainActivities.IntroSliderActivity$3
recreate/india/main/startupcarvaan/fragments/models/bidingm.java
 recreate.india.main.startupcarvaan.fragments.models.bidingm
recreate/india/main/startupcarvaan/mainActivities/PrivacyPolicy.java
 recreate.india.main.startupcarvaan.mainActivities.PrivacyPolicy
recreate/india/main/startupcarvaan/payments/UpiPaymentActivity.java
 recreate.india.main.startupcarvaan.payments.UpiPaymentActivity
 recreate.india.main.startupcarvaan.payments.UpiPaymentActivity$1
recreate/india/main/startupcarvaan/aboutshare/blogging.java
 recreate.india.main.startupcarvaan.aboutshare.blogging
 recreate.india.main.startupcarvaan.aboutshare.blogging$1
recreate/india/main/startupcarvaan/introSlider/SecondFragment.java
 recreate.india.main.startupcarvaan.introSlider.SecondFragment
 recreate.india.main.startupcarvaan.introSlider.SecondFragment$1
recreate/india/main/startupcarvaan/user/profile.java
 recreate.india.main.startupcarvaan.user.profile
recreate/india/main/startupcarvaan/fragments/models/sharefunctions.java
 recreate.india.main.startupcarvaan.fragments.models.sharefunctions
recreate/india/main/startupcarvaan/user/user.java
 recreate.india.main.startupcarvaan.user.user
recreate/india/main/startupcarvaan/loginsignup/loginActivity.java
 recreate.india.main.startupcarvaan.loginsignup.loginActivity
 recreate.india.main.startupcarvaan.loginsignup.loginActivity$1
 recreate.india.main.startupcarvaan.loginsignup.loginActivity$2
 recreate.india.main.startupcarvaan.loginsignup.loginActivity$3
 recreate.india.main.startupcarvaan.loginsignup.loginActivity$4
recreate/india/main/startupcarvaan/mainActivities/MainActivity.java
 recreate.india.main.startupcarvaan.mainActivities.MainActivity
 recreate.india.main.startupcarvaan.mainActivities.MainActivity$1
 recreate.india.main.startupcarvaan.mainActivities.MainActivity$2
recreate/india/main/startupcarvaan/mainActivities/SplashScreen.java
 recreate.india.main.startupcarvaan.mainActivities.SplashScreen
 recreate.india.main.startupcarvaan.mainActivities.SplashScreen$1
recreate/india/main/startupcarvaan/loginsignup/PhoneAuthActivity.java
 recreate.india.main.startupcarvaan.loginsignup.PhoneAuthActivity
 recreate.india.main.startupcarvaan.loginsignup.PhoneAuthActivity$1
 recreate.india.main.startupcarvaan.loginsignup.PhoneAuthActivity$2
 recreate.india.main.startupcarvaan.loginsignup.PhoneAuthActivity$3
 recreate.india.main.startupcarvaan.loginsignup.PhoneAuthActivity$4
 recreate.india.main.startupcarvaan.loginsignup.PhoneAuthActivity$5
